
 ▐▛███▜▌   Claude Code v2.0.19
▝▜█████▛▘  Sonnet 4.5 · Claude Max
  ▘▘ ▝▝    D:\FractalDataworks\Developer-Kit-private

 ⚠Large CLAUDE.md will impact performance (42.5k chars > 40.0k) • /memory to edit

> /clear 
  ⎿  (no content)

> Ok with that in mind set an agent to go file by file and look for classes that don't comply with the requirements 
in the claude.md file. one example is I know several instances of ILogger being used incorrectly or Logger. instead 
of using source generated logging. Look up how to do source generated structured logging if you must, but don't do 
logging differently throught the project. create a partial class for the source generated logging and then add 
methods with the attribute. The bot should read every file (or you can assign a task per project but the bot 
shouldn't modify anything. while that is happening I want you to read the data_architecture_plan and 
data_architecture_detailed files in the .claude folder and then look at the connections and the data projects as 
well as the datagateway project. I'm not worried about the implementation just yet. I want to see the the 
abstractions and the domain will support the layout. One thing I think is missing is that any of the Command types 
should first break that type into an object(or collection of objects) that is common across a domain. then the 
Connection should take that common object and build or generate the correct method for that type within that domain.
 that is why we have the Execute and Execute<> methods. So that you don't have to know what is providing the domain,
 you just need to know what you want. Configuration and other pieces of the framework exist to simplify/standardize 
the call kind of like a facade applied to the entire domain. I'm not concerned about strict adherence to the detail 
in a document. What I'm having a hard time envisioning is getting the the workflow we described without some better 
container/dataset/format/connection/datastore/datagateway/datacommand clarification. It honestly isn't worth setting
 up implementation if the underlying contracts can't be stubbed out and it should be obvious where each thing is 
happening ultrathink 
  ⎿  Interrupted · What should Claude do instead?

> /exit 
  ⎿  Catch you later!



